{"game": [{"title": "Monster Hunter: World - Iceborne", "score": "89", "description": "Monster Hunter World: Iceborne is the highly anticipated massive expansion to Monster Hunter: World, the best-selling Capcom title of all time with more than 12 million units shipped worldwide adding to the series total of more than 53 million units to date. This gargantuan follow-up rivals the gameplay volume from the original release and features a new icy setting, storyline, monsters, gameplay options, and more.\n\nThe game's all-new story picks up after Monster Hunter: World and whisks hunters away to the newly discovered chilly locale that, once fully explored, becomes the largest region in World so far. The new locale is home to several new and returning monsters ready to challenge hunters throughout their expeditions and raises the stakes with the added higher difficulty Master Rank. Iceborne continues the skill-based progression and robust crafting system found in World and expands that with several new gameplay features that broaden the player's combat repertoire. All this leads to the ultimate hunter test against the mysterious new flagship monster, Velkhana."}, {"title": "Frostpunk: Console Edition", "score": "87", "description": "In a completely frozen world, people develop steam-powered technology to oppose the overwhelming cold. Society in its current form becomes ineffective and it has to change in order to survive."}, {"title": "The Outer Worlds", "score": "86", "description": "The Outer Worlds is a new single-player first-person sci-fi RPG from Obsidian Entertainment and Private Division. Lost in transit while on a colonist ship bound for the furthest edge of the galaxy, you awake decades later only to find yourself in the midst of a deep conspiracy threatening to destroy the Halcyon colony. As you explore the furthest reaches of space and encounter various factions, all vying for power, the character you decide to become will determine how this player-driven story unfolds. In the corporate equation for the colony, you are the unplanned variable."}, {"title": "Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch Remastered", "score": "86", "description": "Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch Remastered = Journey back to the other world in Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch. LEVEL-5's classic tale returns better than ever. Join Oliver as he embarks on an adventure through a world inhabited by new friends and ferocious foes alike in the hopes of bringing back his mother after a tragic incident. With a copy of the Wizard's Companion in his hand and his trusty friend Drippy by his side, he will travel across this rich fantasy world to tame familiars, take on enemies, and overcome the countless challenges that stand between him and his mother's salvation.\r\n\r\nFeatures:\r\n\r\nThis charming tale unfolds through the use of animation storyboarded and created by the legendary Studio Ghibli and music composed by the renowned Joe Hisaishi. Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch combines beautiful animated visuals, masterful storytelling, and a sweeping score to create an epic role-playing adventure like no other.\r\n\r\n* TAKE THE OTHER WORLD WITH YOU - Take Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch wherever you go on Nintendo Switch\r\n* ALL-STAR PRODUCTION - LEVEL-5's mastery of the RPG genre is combined with Studio Ghibli's world-class animation and\r\nmusic composed by the renowned Joe Hisaishi\r\n* CAPTIVATING STORY - A charming yet tragic tale unfolds through the use of animation storyboarded and created by Studio\r\nGhibli with English and Japanese voice-overs\r\n* ROLE-PLAYING MASTERY - A rich mixture of familiar RPG elements, expertly crafted and designed, and featuring dozens of\r\nlocations to explore, hundreds of creatures to battle, and a wealth of quests and secrets to uncover\r\n* DYNAMIC COMBAT - Switch freely between characters and familiars in an exciting battle system that combines real-time and\r\nturn-based tactical elements"}, {"title": "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare", "score": "85", "description": "Prepare to go dark, Modern Warfare\u00ae is back! The stakes have never been higher as players take on the role of lethal Tier One operators in a heart-racing saga that will affect the global balance of power. Call of Duty\u00ae: Modern Warfare\u00ae engulfs fans in an incredibly raw, gritty, provocative narrative that brings unrivaled intensity and shines a light on the changing nature of modern war. Developed by the studio that started it all, Infinity Ward delivers an epic reimagining of the iconic Modern Warfare\u00ae series from the ground up. In the visceral and dramatic single-player story campaign, Call of Duty\u00ae: Modern Warfare\u00ae pushes boundaries and breaks rules the way only Modern Warfare\u00ae can. Players will engage in breathtaking covert operations alongside a diverse cast of international special forces throughout iconic European cities and volatile expanses of the Middle East. And the story doesn't end there. In Call of Duty\u00ae: Modern Warfare\u00ae, players will be thrust into an immersive narrative spanning the entire game. Experience the ultimate online playground with classic multiplayer, or squad-up and play cooperatively in a collection of elite operations accessible to all skill levels."}, {"title": "Sayonara Wild Hearts", "score": "84", "description": "Sayonara Wild Hearts is a dreamy arcade game about riding motorcycles, skateboarding, dance battling, shooting lasers, wielding swords, and breaking hearts at 200 mph. As the heart of a young woman breaks, the balance of the universe is disturbed. A diamond butterfly appears in her dreams and leads her through a highway in the sky, where she finds her other self: the masked biker called The Fool. Journey through a custom-written pop soundtrack, chase scores, and set out to find the harmony of the universe, hidden away in the hearts of Little Death and her star-crossed allies: Dancing Devils, Howling Moons, Stereo Lovers and Hermit 64."}, {"title": "No Man's Sky Beyond", "score": "83", "description": "No Man\u2019s Sky is an epic science fiction adventure set across an infinite universe, in which every star is the light of a distant sun, orbited by planets filled with life \u2014 each yours to visit. Explore never-before-seen worlds and trade, fight and survive on a galactic scale."}, {"title": "Outer Wilds", "score": "83", "description": "Outer Wilds is an open world mystery about a solar system trapped in an endless time loop. You\u2019re the newest recruit of Outer Wilds Ventures, a fledgling space program searching for answers in a strange, constantly evolving solar system. The planets are packed with hidden locations that change with the passage of time."}, {"title": "Gravity Ghost: Deluxe Edition", "score": "83", "description": "Surf the night sky. Careen through the cosmos. Find the fox. When a ghost girl\u2019s best friend goes missing, she\u2019ll turn the whole universe upside down to find him. Gravity Ghost is a planetary platformer where orbiting is an art form. In over 100 dizzying levels, put your aerial skills to the test against planets that bounce, break, splash, and more."}, {"title": "The Legend of Heroes: Trails of Cold Steel III", "score": "82", "description": "The end of the civil war led to the turning point of a new era for the Erebonian Empire. Centering on Rean Schwarzer as the Ashen Chevalier, the young man who came to be seen as a hero within the country, a new story of young heroes will unfold."}]}